---
layout: application
title: Manager, UX Design
role: Manager, UX Design
company: Wizards of the Coast
video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/9e2uLtrWlRc
logos: true
socials: true
projects:
    - rocket-ironbear
    - amazon-alexa-cortana
    - disney-design-system
---

<script setup>
    import { useData } from 'vitepress'
    const { frontmatter } = useData()
</script>

## What I'll bring to {{frontmatter.company}}
- **Experience:** I bring nearly two decades of experience with 5 years in leadership and team management.
- **Expertise:** My work and teams have won awards and news coverage for their UX work.
- **Tools:** I've worked with nearly every tool under the sun and I'm a strong advocate for prototyping.
- **Research:** I conducted user research at Disney and Amazon and oversaw research activities at Rocket in collaboration with a UXR team.
- **Mentorship:** I'm a sought after mentor and was recognized as a 2024 Top 50 design mentor worldwide on ADPList.
- **Accessibility:** I'm a strong advocate for accessibility and have worked closely with accessibility partners to ensure compliance and high-quality experiences across modalities.

## A few of my career highlights
- **Built Design Organizations:** I built high-performing organizations for Phenomblue, Ace Metrix, Disney, and Rocket from the ground up.
- **Established Design Systems:** I established design guidelines and systems for Disney and Phenomblue. I also established personalization guidelines for Amazon and Rocket.
- **Defined Vision:** Established the long-term, holistic vision for products at Amazon, Disney, and Rocket.